Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Were waiting for me with the deck, and he's like, I want to go over these things so like he's putting a lot of you know, care and love into this for you all
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that's that's so funny. You mentioned that there's going to be a little. He's literally in the deck because George put him in the deck much cooler, Tony Rob. All right, cool. Well, let's let's jump in
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: the goal. Here, Neil. What's the goal? No, I want to hear from you, too, George, because I think
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you all met Jake. You met Mertz and you, Lot, met a lot of other like pretty amazing people throughout this class.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and, like Shirley and Rachel said yesterday when they spoke to you.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: we want you all to be those people, to come back to our future classes to share those same perspectives and carry that same energy. So as
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: enamored and as magnificent these speakers are, I want each of you to realize that that's all you, too, right. And I want you all to have that same effect. Not only for coming back to our program, but ultimately you're gonna have team meetings and company meetings and events that you're gonna need to speak about your business
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and demo day this Friday and that same energy can carry through
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? So that's ultimately my goal. But then also to give you a bunch of tips on like the basics, because I think there's a lot of like fundamental stuff that
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I think many of you intuitively either understand or already harbor, but may not always be actively
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like and intentionally improving upon. So I want to activate that, if if need be. Yeah, why, I kind of wanted to help out with this is because
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Neil and Chloe. They're pulling in these mentors, people who are
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: super exceptional in whatever they're doing.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And as someone who wants to emulate certain things that I'm seeing you guys all probably feel the same way, too.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: What they're doing isn't by accident, and it's not random. And you can break down
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: the success they're having even merged founder story, like that story, was a culmination of 15 years of experience. Posting on Linkedin and social media, talking hundreds of calls with friends and family bouncing ideas off of, and he still prepped for an hour before he spoke to you guys and had 3 pages of notes
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: so like the excellence in that story the excellence of how he cares himself. All the other people they brought in. Like Jake, you can boil that down into characteristics and actions that they took
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: to turn them into the person who's delivering what you're ultimately seeing. So it's kind of like, what's going under the hood. Yep, yeah. And and one other thing about Merit's talk.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: so I don't know if you all noticed there was a woman in the back that he was getting dinner with afterwards. I know her from a long time ago, too. She's another entrepreneur
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: but she came up to me afterwards to say hello, because we hadn't seen each other in years, and she made an interesting observation. She said.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I don't know what everyone else was doing in this room, but like I was taking pages of notes, and I know mer. I've known Merk for years. She's like they needed like there was so much gold, so many things that they needed to hear and remember that, he said. So that's just feedback for you all. But keep that in mind, because I know you're the one always taking notes at every session. So George is really good at that, and I admire that, and I found myself. I still find myself doing it, especially when I hear something that I either never want to forget or want to make sure that I'm like.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'm always a student in whatever room I go into so cool. Alright. So we kind of talked about this. But then moving on, yeah, yeah, so this is the end of your tech stars. Experience, as far as program is concerned. It's the beginning of your techsars experience which we'll talk about in a few hours, as far as the rest of your life and ours. But we wanted to send you off with a few extra like boosts of encouragement. So yeah, cool.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: what do all of these have in common.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Any guesses it's called level top level commitment. Okay, what'd you say?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Elite? Oh, I like that training training training. That's closer, closer.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: We're getting warm.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: We're looking for something. Who's the guy on the right? And who's that guy? Did you remember this guy? Okay.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I think it's like.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Okay, yeah, discipline precision? I like these words, it's all really good. These are all good words. We can come up with these words, there's 1 other word I'm looking for
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: back to it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: You're so warm.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: 10,000 per acquisition that are right around. Yeah, there, there, you guys are hovering around it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: The word, wanna hear the expertise close.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: What'd you say, George? Consistency, almost almost the beginning structure, perseverance this practice for practice? Yeah.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: they're so close. Alright. Let's give it to him.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Prepare prepare the prep, the prep y'all the prep. This is everything I got to tell you, like everybody here is doing. Prep. I have dinner for my team tonight last night. What was I doing?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Prep. What am I doing this afternoon while we're having our 40 calls? Prep. Because I really care about keeping my team alive because they got some severe allergies, so very important. And they're at the top of their pack. So before I go deeper on this, I have one fun prompt. I think I've said this already. But let's see if anybody actually remembers who's the best superhero.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: But why.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: let me tell you, Batman has a plan to defeat every hero and every villain in the DC. Universe, including Superman. He beat him up with some Kryptonite gloves. So there's a whole thing there. But I say that because, like he doesn't have any powers but the Duke of Prep, he also has a billionaire, which is hopefully going to happen one of you, but we'll get to that later. But everybody's spent so much time intentionally
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like honing their craft and making sure that they're undeniably prepared.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So there's a level of, I dare to say, obsessiveness, but in a healthy way
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that you're gonna have to take to your business, going forward to like, really get there to be at that status, to be at that level of the elite of the expertise of the 10,000 h of the most prepared. And
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I think that potential has already been awakened in so many of you, if not all of you. But if there's another level that you think you're capable of pushing towards this is your like moment to like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: channel. Yeah. And if you set the expectation that everything to be good at requires a ton of preparation. Then that's just the way you view everything that you do. And so the preparation just comes with everything that you're doing and to be good at it. You just have to work hard. You guys already know that. But that's kind of the theme
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: of everything. And all these experts and everyone successful is coming and spoken is there's so many reps behind it. It's almost like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: insane to think about. Yeah. Some of you are like thinking about raising capital. Others are not worried about it and focus on business progress. Whatever you're at on that spectrum at the end of the day.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: there's a there's an energy that certain founders carry, or people in general, but especially founders where an investor, let's say.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: regardless of whatever you're saying on the call.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like whatever you're saying, and whatever Bs they are perceiving in your slides or your pitch.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: if they catch a vibe of
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I don't know whether they're right about this or not. But whatever I'm catching like I want more of, and I want to bet on that energy that's like half the time for me, and that's a bunch of time for a lot of other investors that I know, and I've seen over the past 17 years.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I just want you all to know the energy you bring into a room, and the level of thoughtfulness, familiarity, care, and concern and awareness and attention to detail, that in and of itself is a signal to an investor and to other people like customers that you're selling to or partners. You're trying to get on board with you or board members. You're trying to recruit or employees. You're trying to hire. All of these people are going to catch that vibe and want to be a part of that.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: You all caught that energy last night meeting Merrick. Right? He has that, and many of you do, too. You just have to activate it, and it'll start on on Friday, and that's the vibe you caught on Jake before he started, 100 as a student in my class. Same thing with lilliana. They were both students in my class around the same time. Actually, I think Jake was a year before you. Yeah, Jake was a year before lilliana. So both of them as students in a class kind of like this, except at the university.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: sitting in the front.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: active, listening, writing everything down clearly understood everything I was saying, and then, when they didn't, they would speak up with a very thoughtful question, and I could see them in the room, glowing amongst a lot of other people who were either half in or half out, or whatever.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: This whole room's gone as far as I'm
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: but you heard Merrick say this, and you've heard me say this. We said it to each other for 10 years since we became friends about how you do anything is how you do everything.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So when you think about how you're taking care of yourself personally to what you do professionally every single day, they're all connected. And we've been making this point throughout program. And I want to keep making this point throughout this presentation.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Anything you want to add here.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: yeah, this is a conversation. I'm gonna blaze through the content. So we can just talk. This can be reverse engineered like, can you guess
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: a person's like feature behaviors for setting by looking how to treat themselves daily like on a daily like. So whether we want that to be true or not, that's what happens.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So you and you might even do it in a subconscious way, right? And there's some negativity about that, right? There's bias that activates in people and their perceptions. But there's a lot of positive with that, too.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Right? So how you show up like, let's just use Fabio, for example, Dude knows how to dress. That's really good. Always dress, looking good, fresh love, your background and your zoom like. There's a level of thought that you put into how you show up that people notice and appreciate
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? He also has really good dance moves in the Karaoke room. So Friday night, pay attention. Oh, really, is there a video? We're not going to drop that into the campfire. We're not going to see Fabio break it down. Okay, got it all right. Pg-thirteen, so. But Fabio to build on that, though what I'll say is.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I remember when I was 1st I had my 1st venture job 2,007 at Oc. Adventures downtown Chicago.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I remember being in that general partner meeting for the 1st time like a Monday morning, and I remember the general partners debating over this deal.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and they were so enamored by the fact that this, like CEO, was a former d 1 athlete
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like it was like. It was like a big deal like the fact that they were an athlete meant something about their coachability, their intensity, their discipline. And there's always a proxy from some other thing you've done that people are drawing from to indicate what you're capable of in the context. That's important for them.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So yeah, that that does matter. It doesn't always become a hindrance. But I will say, I do know people who invest based on credentials. They'll see what school you went to, or what degrees you have, or where you work before, or what you've done before, and they're they're using all of this information to assess your character. And there's patterns with that of performance and success. It's not all fair, though, and you all know my story. So like, Hey, we still got to do whatever cards you got dealt, you got to play.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So yeah, just a comment on the batman thing, because I read a lot of Batman. Yes. And so one thing that I love about Batman is that when he shows up to the Justice League meetings. All the Justice League members make fun of him because he doesn't have superpowers, and they think he's such a nerd with all his like tools, and he always comes with like notes and preparedness. And that's something I've noticed, too, and that like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: kind of held me back from being super prepared because it's like, Oh, I'm not showing up like, cool laid back like, yeah, you know. So I think, like leaning into like, batman accepts that, like, everyone's gonna make fun of him at the Justice League meeting. But then he comes in and like solves everybody's problem exactly. Exactly.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I love that man. Yeah, he's not the hero we deserve. He's a hero. We need. Yeah, I got it. Well, just as a quick, super nerdy side note. I think it's called Doomsday. But there's literally a a series where, like a bunch of heroes start getting like asked. And they're like, what's going on. And then Batman's like. I know what's going on. Someone found my plans because he's literally they're taking out everyone in the exact way that I've laid out in my secret like.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So it's a really cool comic. You should check it out. I think it I I don't know why I think it's doomsday. I'm not sure you have to check it out. But some guy found Batman's plan is to take out everybody. And he started taking out everybody.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Anyway, I love the batman reference. Okay?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Oh, yeah. Yeah. So I thought, this was cool. It kind of Bobby. You're talking about behaviors and predicting future behaviors from the original ones. This
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: is a quote that is like all over the military. It's like one of their mottos. And I thought it was interesting, because if you think about the military, it's a very basic entry exam that you have to pass mental, physical, and medical.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: What makes
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: them extraordinary is how they turn ordinary people that pass this exam into extraordinary actors, or whatever they're doing, but a permission, that is, whatever segment of the the military they're in through preparation, intense training
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: cohorts bond through all that. So you're not
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: special when you recruit and join the military, it's how it's the process you undergo and who it turns you into.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: You guys are already 5 steps ahead
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: because you're not ordinary. Right? You went through an entire application process. You started the business. You're in these seats because you've done something unique and different. And so if you layer in the preparation that's proven
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: to move you forward in life like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: it's it brings a smile on my face to think how far you can go if you make
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: training preparation being neurotic about it. Your baseline. Yeah, your your progress isn't random at this point. It's all a matter of your input and effort.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I think that's the point of that. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: okay, yeah. So I added this in at the last minute. But I wanted to like this might may or may not be rhetorical, but I just want to know if you thought about who you are versus who you want to be.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So this is something just for you to process and take in. I've certainly thought about this. I think about this all the time there's always progress. There's always a doubt. Every day I get to wake up and be alive, I think, about who I want to be. At the end of the day, I think about who I want to be next week. I think I'm on all types of time separate from your business. Right? Yeah. As a person, as a human being. Who do I want to be?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Who am I? And who do? I want to be?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And it's a battle every single day, so no one's gonna have a perfect day. Maybe some of you do. But I know I rarely do
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: But it's definitely like very motivating course. So whatever routines you want to have as opposed to which ones you do, make a plan, activate them. Whatever routines you currently have that you're really proud of. Make sure that you like foster those, and then you allocate your willpower elsewhere when you can afford to.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: But yeah, I I think this is gonna impact.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: how your team views you, how your friends and family view you. And unfortunately, in startups, usually, people
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like like the President of the United States right? Every President ages dramatically over those 4 years. Right? You can see it. The the gray hairs and skin, and all that
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I would love for us to be the kind, of course, that supports.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: continued youth, so that you all carry the energy of like excitement and positivity as you run your business, because that's going to make people want to work with you and to be drawn to you and not feel like they're signing up for. Because Mert said a very scary thing last night like there. I love everything he said, but there was that one moment where he gave that talk when he was recruiting an employee to hire, and he goes all right. You have to give up your nights and your weekends for the next 2 years.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and are you ready to do that. Do you have it in you? I'm like, Okay, I understand. Like I'll run through a brick wall with you sometimes, but I hope you all know that there's lots of perspectives on entrepreneurship, and the perspective that we have culturally here is a slightly different one than recommending you burn all of your time every single day, and sacrifice all of the priorities for your company. I think there's a much healthier balance that each of you could strike.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. And it's important not to avoid. And Mer again pulling like a real world example.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: When Bobby, I think you asked them, you know, what's your number one goal in the body
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: to me that answered.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: hit me. We talked about this morning. His goal was to be when he's a grandfather. It be someone's family wants to spend time with. Yeah.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: clearly, he's thought about it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and he's living his life morally, values everything he's doing, how he's treating people, how he always takes care of his team. He did not hesitate to answer that question. Yeah, literally. As soon as you stop talking. He had his answer, and then he followed up with, Oh, professionally, I want to do this, too. Right?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So just keep that in mind. Yeah, cool things you can control every day to give yourself an unfair chance of reaching that goal. Starting with how you show up and how people view you, which we've talked about a little bit and then impressing at every turn. So
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: we've talked about this throughout the whole program. And this is essentially my thesis for all of you. There's a notion of going around. And hey, please invest in me. Please believe in me. Please listen to my pitch.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and then there's the sorry I'm busy. I'm getting customers. I'm running my company. I'd love to meet with you and share data. But you know I can only spare this much time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'm running my process.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Right door open door closed strands leaving the station. There's energy that we pick up on as investors of founders who know their work know their value and value their time significantly. They give you a few chances. The founders give you a few chances to interact and learn. But then those founders move on because they know that they're giving the right investors the right opportunity for a good outcome.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: so
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that there's so many like little subtle details about how a founder communicates and presents themselves and follows up after those conversations and interactions that are small indicators subconsciously to other human beings and investors about.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: They're worse.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And the worth of their business.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I'm trying to give you that subtle art. In addition to the more objective metrics and
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: business plan, and all that other cool stuff that we've honed throughout the past 3 months.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: because not having them can hurt and having them is a bonus.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So yeah, but how
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? How do we do it? So let's get into the the actual substance. So here are the things that George and I have talked through, and we have like little visuals for most of this, and little things that we want to talk to. Once you place through this.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Let's turn it into a conversation. I think we also have a few more additions from lilliana, too. Yep, yep.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So controlling your day.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Who plays calendar? Tetris?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, I know I do. Yep, yep, you're not alone. This is
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: this is your calendar, George. No.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you just found this. I thought I pulled this, but mine looks similar. Okay, mine is the cook dinner? Yeah. So what's the what's the key thing you see on the the blocks here.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: what stands out?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Focus time, are you seeing it?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, I'm curious to know what you all do. But for me. Just so, you know
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I use. I mean, obviously, I'm obsessed with base camp. Right? So base camp thankfully. I scope out all my tasks every single day. I know when I wake up and I look at Base Camp. I know what I need to do right. I also have this cool thing where it feeds into my calendar, so I can see all of my tasks for the day, and what I'll do is I'll literally block out time
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: throughout my day to do that work.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: It's as if I'm scheduling sessions or whatever. But a lot of people just leave blank space on their calendar or their calendars only reserved for the meetings, and then they hope they work around those things.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: My ask to all of you is to block out the time to do the most important things for your day, and be intentional about when you're going to do them
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and try your best to hold true to that. So the way that I do it is I book most of my work in 30 min blocks.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: those Pomodoros. 25 min, 5 min break. So that's my quantifiable element for getting things done, and I make most of my meetings like my founder meetings.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: That I I meet with all of my portfolio companies whenever they want. They're 25 min long.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: because there's a 5 min break and a buffer, and for our team, for our workshops, and we're not perfect. But we've been working towards this is we schedule them for 58 min. If they're an hour.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: or for 88 min. If they're 90 min, it works.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: or 118 min there, you know what I mean. So the idea is that you need a little bit of a buffer before and after a meeting to like transition, or go to the bathroom or grab some water, or do what you gotta do. So I've just tried my best to be as intentional and as thoughtful as possible about how I manage time and how I respect other people's time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So the at one second the last thing I wanted to say about this is
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: what triggered this whole workshop. I think it was like maybe 2 months ago, lilliana
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: was realizing how cognizant we need to be of each other's time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So the like. The whole thing is being sensitive to go. How much time do I have? Right? Because when you see someone, you say, Hey, you have 5 min to present.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and they're just talking, and they're not mindful of the time, and then they're 6 or 7 min in.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I think I don't know when I learned it, but like I'm super sensitive to that because I want to make sure I'm respecting the parameters of whatever opportunity I'm I'm I'm speaking in or whose time I'm taking, because in my mind I'm like, if you give me 5 min, if I take 6, I'm taking 1 min from someone else.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and I want to be sure that I'm respectful of that.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So this is all the more important. On Friday, a demo day for each of you, because in your mind you might go. Oh, I'll just go over time, or I'll just extend my pitch, or the Q. And A. Will go off the rails. But it'll be fine.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that's all about you.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: What about everyone else. What about your fellow founders? What do they deserve? What's respectful to them?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So when you're in a meeting with an investor, it's 15 min 20 min.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: the ones that end up being like no deal from the 1st conversation, are the ones where the founders talking for more than half of the time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and you don't even realize it at first, st that you're taking up all the air in the room.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: be extremely judicious and mindful of your time management, and how much time you're given, how much time is expected, and make sure you're checking in that. People actually understand what those constraints are, Annie.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Oh, well, I've tried the blocking
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: times for tasks on my calendar, but I find it very hard to be strict with it. Yes, it is. Do you have tips for how to stay disciplined like, okay, this is my focus time. I've got to sit down and do this. Yes, and I'm open to other people's thoughts, too. One. You have to start by forgiving yourself. You're never going to be perfect. You're always going to have slippage. That's okay. That is expected. All good
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: things come up that are unexpected, all types of you know. Things can happen. Your your cat gets stuck in a box right? That happened last week to lilliana. She's like, sorry I have to step away. My cat is stuck in a box.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yes, yeah. She had to go on video mute, so that'll happen, but at the same time
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Get better at it every day.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and and the more you do it, and the more consistent you get, the easier it becomes. Okay. Yeah. So yeah, Rachel, I struggle with this as well. I am massively obsessed with time blocking, and it's become incredibly strict. It took me about 5 years to get there. What I had to do for myself is like, ask myself every time I'm walking into my time block
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? Am I not doing this? Am I prioritizing something else? Because it's easier or more fun? And the answer is, yes.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So then it's like forcing me to be honest with myself, and just eat the frog, or whatever your phrases. Yeah, do the work you don't necessarily want to do, because it's not natural to you, or it's not what's most exciting, but they'll prioritize this easy. Yeah. What do you call your journey? You know your 5 year journey that you've done? Oh, well, business rehab. But I put myself through like an operating plan that's cool
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: in the session, for
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that's awesome. We can talk like I struggle with this. Okay, I love it, you know, because
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: little thing on the time blocking, I find it a lot easier for me to do it when I think about what time of day is best for different times. So if it's like longer form, sort of project, based stuff like 7 to 11 Am. Is my sweet spot and like, I'll block that time off my calendar if it's easier. Ops prep. Work making sure confirmation emails are sent, or whatever the 3 to 5 on Friday afternoons is enough. So thinking about what type of work it is and what level of focus
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: throughout the day is really helpful, and also on the like buffer time. Between meetings I have my calendar set to 25 min, not 30. It's amazing. You never, almost never need that extra 5 min. If you do need that extra 5 min, you can take it seamlessly. But that extra 5 min. If that's enough time to send the follow up email that you want to send to the person you just met with faster than than normal. Or take some extra things off your to do list. Make sure you're not missing anything that time is much more valuable.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Be yours? Yeah, yeah, no, I think that's great. Separately. I'll just throw out a tool.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I I'm not as obsessed with tools except for basecamp, but reclaim.ai.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I use this and it automatically syncs my personal calendar and my work calendar, and what it does is whenever I book time on one, it takes up that time on the other.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and it adds gaps and decompression
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: slots. So I have like these like 5 to 10 or 15 min slots after long sessions or intensive work sessions and things like that. And it does it all automatically, which is really nice, because it's almost like helping me go, hey? You need time to, you know. Do something or deal with yourself exactly, and you don't think to do when you jump from this to that to that. That right? So, okay, cool
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: has a calendar management tool, or like meditate or drink hydrate, or whatever, and it'll actually book time in your calendar during gaps. Love that remind you to like hydrate. That's good. What's it called.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'll post it now. That's awesome. I love that
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: not here, but I think she does the best job out of anyone I've seen with Matt, you know.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yes, Dominique is very time sensitive. Yeah, that's right. That's exactly right. So good.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. A demo day. You will not have a timer, and you shouldn't need one. Okay, the level of practice that you have should have it dialed in in a way where we're safe on time. Okay.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: yeah, we'll fly through these. You've seen this before. This is the Eisenhower matrix. And then the one on the right is called. It's a racing. Yeah, different forms. We'll share all of this afterwards, so you can look it up. But there's just different ways to help with decision making prioritization. What was the thing that Jake did that Bob taught us. Yes, exactly. So. There's a lot of different tools that you can hire for this.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And so you get tasks coming in. You prioritize them. And then the top
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: X number that you've identified, that you want to get done that day. That's what goes into your focus time blocks. Neil has it down to where he knows what he's doing for a week. Base camp populates it. But for you all with things shifting and changing, it's the night before you can set up. Okay, what do I need to achieve tomorrow that aligns with my Kpis okrs, whatever, and fill your focus time blocks with those. So you go in knowing what you can get done. Yeah. But it's not enough to kind of do this.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: You have to like, actually get serious about scheduling time and being intentional about doing the work to set yourself up to do good work
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? So you have to be very intentional about that. You can't just keep stuff like this in the back of your mind, like, Oh, yeah, I need to do this eventually, or Oh, this will be helpful at this point, like, you need to have a little bit more like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: systems, like systems and regimens, in place where you are checking in on these processes and weaving them into your company, and how it works, because it's not just you
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: as you do it. It starts to
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: become culture within your business, and other people start to follow suit, so they'll all be disheveled and disorganized, just like you are, or they'll all be more organized and regimented because you are
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: good one.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: simple and achievable one to 3 daily metrics and then hitting them consistently. So let's just jump into mine. So you all know me.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'm a boxer, Guy. I try my best to be on it. Every now and then I'll have some slippage, and a few days will go by. But that's where base camp comes in, and then I have my other thing, which is in the morning. Every day I work out now didn't always do that. But like I said to some of you, or maybe all of you
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you guys inspired me like I was like, I I remember the version of me that did that every day, and that took care of myself. And I'm gonna ask any of you all to do any of those things. I better make sure that I do it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So that's the promise I have to you, and
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'm experiencing the benefits of that myself. So I'm really grateful. But, like, you know I'm there. I'm there. I can move some weight, but it's not just checking a box right like the North Star behind all these Boxer. You clear it every morning and every night pretty much. That's because you all and the alumni Hq. Are his priority. Yeah, I told Andy. Go to bed. I was like, go to bed. Box would be too late. Let's go talk tomorrow.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Face camp is the team, the project team that's his other North Star and the exercise like to bring himself fully to you all into the team. He needs to take care of himself fully. So these aren't just like mindless metrics like they're really, really thorough, and thought through, and he hits them every day. Well, and so these 3 things in particular. I didn't choose them. George put them in there for me, but like what's cool is like when I saw them like they all make me happy.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: They all make me excited like I'm excited to check box when I get a box from you guys, I'm excited to see what's going on in base camp to hear from you all and get check-ins and review work, and I'm excited to go to the gym and like, clear my mind and think about what I'm going to do next in my day. So
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: yeah. And like, when you set certain times to check that, then do you kind of turn notifications off to then like.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you know if you get a boxer at a certain time, you don't check it until the block to check boxers, or do you kind of disrupt your work, because that sometimes happens with people get distracted by email
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: during focus times.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and then I'll jump into something else. So I don't know if any of you all do this, but I'm always on focus time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like default. No notifications. Yeah, I don't. I don't get notifications for the most part. So it's more, it's all pull, no push. Okay. So I built in my habits where I check for information when I'm ready to see it. I don't let information interrupt my focus time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So yeah, my, like, my notifications on my phone. I don't have any red badges or anything like that.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I just know I go into a place, and I need to check this. I need to check that. I need to check this, and I just do it throughout my day.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'm not that strong I'm not. But I'll go through emails and go through base camp at the start and end of focus blocks
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and do not disturb during the focus box. And it's like, I know, there's nothing like on fire in my inbox before I go in. Yeah, I also love superhuman, because it lets me just like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: visibly remove things from my plate, or like, I don't have to think about this until Thursday. Let me make this pop up again on Thursday by just like defluttering the brain. An email. But
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: yeah, just make sure nothing's on fire at the end. And then, whatever it is, can wait the 2 h that you're working on something else like, nothing's gonna explode.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. And and, by the way, this is a quick caveat
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: not perfect. But I I have plenty of things that I miss plenty of things that I like didn't follow up to properly, or or let's slip, and I make tons of mistakes, and that happens, and we all will do that. You have to forgive yourself, and you have to do better
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right. And you put systems in place to do better when those things happen. Just be mindful of that, too.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Let's hold yourself accountable. Yeah. Yeah. So let's talk about personal care.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So investing yourself is where it all starts talked about this. And I. What I want you to do is think about the last week
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: or the last month
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and ask yourself, When's the last time you had 4 h of interrupted work, uninterrupted work.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you might have that
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: hopefully, some of you, maybe during the week. Yeah, is this? No, not for you, Dave, on Sunday on Sunday. Okay, all right, any weekdays.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: No, not possible. Actually, I've got so my policy is no meeting Monday, so I don't set up meetings on Mondays
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: to try to get some work done. I like that. That's really good.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Anyone else.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: We had to re-edit our payroll with you on Sunday and those results for game.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: But, he ended up like working, are you long, long hours on Sunday?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, it sounds like it sounds like it's always on Sunday for y'all, which I think should change right.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And that's the thing, though. You know, we reserved Sunday for like a gaming day the whole day. But there were a lot of work to do, so
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: shift everything. We set real date of Sunday. We got up really early on Monday, and my whole program got shifted. So
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that's that. That's the problem of like having like surprise work. 4 h of work. So I don't think like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: hiking the whole week kind of works for me just now, because I have so much surprises throughout the week.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So yeah, I agree. It's the nature of the work. So, for example, if you're raising capital, you're going to be general meetings. The CEO is going to have a ton of meetings on the calendar, so you just got to manage that. But I will say I don't know if any of you all can relate to this, but like when I see a day where I have like.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: maybe like 2 meetings or 3,
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: it's right on the verge of if I didn't have these meetings. What kind of day would I have? So I will either cancel them, or I will try to have the meeting asynchronously. I'm like, I know we have this meeting scheduled. I'm gonna write up what I had to say, and I would like just a quick exchange. And I would like to give this time back to you. Take it back for myself, because I have some things I want to focus on.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I do that all the time.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I don't do that for founders. So when you all book time with me, that's like that's that's sacred. But for pretty much everyone else like, I'm willing to compromise when I have those conversations.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: so I would encourage you all to do the same if you can.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. An uninterrupted time to just think
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: we just have. You just sat down and thought for one period. Yes, I'm seeing some nods here. That's good, Talitha. What do you do?
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: It's true.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. Do you? Journal in general as a habit, or but, like over the past months, I haven't been able to as much but regularly normal life.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: When do you journal typically on the weekends like in the evening time in the evening on the weekends. Yeah, just like reflecting on the past. Cool.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. You know, it's so interesting. You say that I think you might remember, maybe from my founder story, that
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I wrote a hundred blog posts in a hundred weeks
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: when I was like learning the program and like started code Academy. So the way I did it was like, and I grew up going to like Catholic school like in Chicago, so I'm not particularly religious, but what I really loved is on Sunday church was boring.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: but the sermon was so interesting because it was always about something cool, or something going on in the world, or an idea, or a concept, and whatever. And that was when I was the most engaged in those 2 h that, like 30 min sermon, was like the moment I live for.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I replaced that time when I graduated with my own writing.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I just like had my own sermon, basically. And I would wake up Sunday morning, and I would just take that time every Sunday to like write something, and I cherish those 100 blog posts so much because it feels like when I read them. Now, like I'm I was like my younger self was talking to my current self. Right? So I really think if you haven't taken the time to write down
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: any reflections on your experience here at techstars, now's the time to do it, because those memories are fleeting.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: They're gonna dissipate as soon as Friday night is over and we're stumbling home from Karaoke, and you wake up on Saturday
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: already. There's gonna be memories that are lost that you had over the past 3 months. So I would love for you if it's important to you to like, make sure that you cherish and remember some of those things.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, to add really quickly. Merck was
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: during his story in execution mode as a CEO when his business was kind of
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: going downhill, and it took Troy
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: to shake his shoulders and wake him up. You can get closer to giving yourself that. Wake up. Call by stepping back and implementing something like journaling or meditating, or a way for you to just think really outside of your business to like instead of working in it on it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: You can give yourself that. Aha! Moment of that. Wake up, call or help. Make sure you're aligned
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: hopefully, avoid
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: exactly. So we we're gonna have to move a little fast now but that's it's all good because I want to get to the last part, but a few quotes
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you know, love them or hate them. That's well, well, I don't know if we had time to read it. Here we go.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Just hit Steve Jobs on meditation, Tim Ferriss on journaling
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Henry David the road. So it's whatever works best for your walk, journaling, meditating any way to clear your mind and enjoy your spirit annual.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And the idea is like everyone has access. Right? It's you. You're your business.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: There's time to do it books that help recommendations. Yeah, yeah, it's all good.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Oh, we'll go back here.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, this is important. So people work with people they trust. And people trust people that they like. So I remember people used to ask me like, back in the day when I was getting started, like, How like you have so much support, or how do people? Because when I launched, you know my 1st company, not my 3rd company.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: It was just an outpour of support from Chicago, so much so that it went viral like internationally. And that's ultimately what helped seed. My business is like all this awareness got the top of Hacker news like everyone. The word just got out like crazy. And it was because I had built up so much
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: support and allegiance behind what I was going to do.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and I didn't know at the time. This is all hindsight, but upon reflection, I just was like people had no reason to help me. I wasn't a proper coder. I didn't have the background or qualifications to launch this school or run this company.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: but yet still it worked
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: because I just like got people to like me, and they wanted to spend time and help me out, for no like rational or objective reason other than like this, guy's got this crazy dream, and he's really excited about it, and I don't know but I just want to back him and help.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I think I left this out of my story, but I think at 1 point Jason freed like retweeted like my announcement, and like that like, and he had, like 200,000 followers on Twitter. And that's like really what like broke the seal
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? And it was because of his little. He just met me once, and he knew that there was this kid working on a coding school. So what did you do when you met him? This is when he was sitting in the back of the class. Exactly, and I noticed in the back of his head I was like, that's Jason. I got his book in my backpack. I'm going to make sure he signs it, and, like, you know, talk to him about what I'm trying to do. That was like this happenstance moment where I had this opportunity, and it ended up being this
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: great, like word of mouth, viral, like endorsement of my business, which ended up cascading into investing
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: right? So anyway, those those little things can matter this might go long. Yeah, let's just let's just move over it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: it's all about how to basically become like a woman build trust. Yeah, okay, yeah. And then.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: yeah, yeah, no. It's good. We're gonna we got. We'll give them a 10 min break in like 5 min we'll close out. Listen to respond versus listen to understand. So this is
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: a death knell amongst like, especially in venture conversations.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: when it's clear that a founder is waiting to respond or to answer.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: It's and it's a dead giveaway. When you're being asked a question, and you start to answer before they finish the question.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And I know Vcs who've literally said.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: if a founder interrupts people or us when we speak, we're not investing.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: it's just a very simple, subtle behavior that you can do like practice not doing.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: because it's a matter of respect and mindfulness and being cognizant of how you communicate. That's 1 simple example. There's many others.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: But you know, when you're actively listening to what someone's saying versus, when you are just trying to interject, to say what you have to say as opposed to what they're trying to get out.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: It's really important to give yourself the space and time to process what you're hearing before you decide what you want to say, it's okay to give what we call a pregnant pause.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Right? And you like. You wait. And you take the space to respond.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: It's literally called a pregnant pause. Yeah, yeah. But
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: all the more important for the Ceos on stage of Demo Day.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Right? If you're being asked a question by an ER.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: If you if you take a second to think before you speak.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: P, it's gonna be more authentic.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: People are, gonna pay more attention.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And it's going to seem less scripted.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: so definitely encourage that. And if you need to make tweaks or adjustments at the last minute like. That's why I tell people to plan on a 5 and a half minute, or a 5 min. QA. As opposed to 6 or a 3 and a half to, you know. 3 min. QA. As opposed to 4.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So yeah, practice that
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Don is so good at Don is like the coolest dude on earth. He's so cool about it because he will take whatever time he needs to think before he responds. And you can just tell he's listening to you, and like he's understanding, or he'll follow up with questions.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and he wants to give you a good answer. Yes.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: so it's the same way with everyone else. And who you interact with
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: all, right? Best way to be interesting is to be interested. Yeah, yeah, yeah, we're just preaching. Now.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: yeah, send a clear agenda prior to every meeting. So Jake gets the crown for this.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Never have I met with Jake and not received. It's crazy. I can't believe it like I can't believe it, because I I'm not even that good. But literally I have people who will not like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: not send an agenda, and it is such an impressive added, and I want to learn from that. I want to be more like that. So you want to be someone that people look at and go. I want to be more like that. I want to do more like what you do. And each of you can be that as it's not that hard to get right? Yeah, I love that. I love that so much.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: That's it.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, yeah, exactly. So. Being mindful of other people's time respecting it. The last minute cancellations, the the last minute things. Sometimes it happens, but it should be few and far between. You shouldn't be known as the flake.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: the person who's always iffy with the plans and the commitments. If you become known as that.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you're gonna have problems. I remember it's I haven't heard that word in a while, but then I remember an investment committee.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Brad felt. I he I forgot what context he used it in, but he was like. I want to make sure that they're not a flake
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: like. He said that as far as like helping a founder evaluating a deal or something like that. I was like, Oh, yeah, wow, that is important.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah, when you can but proactively communicate when you can, which you all have been phenomenal. Best class. I think we've had so far about over communicating. Yeah, it's really good.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Okay, we're almost done. I'm gonna move on to the last part. So accountability, intellectual honesty.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Closer, child.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Liliana. So we have a few extra things from Liliana that we wanted her to weigh in on here. Yeah. George asked me how to prioritize accountability and intellectual. So I said a few things.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I said. 1st of all, if you're having trouble prioritizing it, being intellectually honest and just being accountable. Think about what happens if you don't prioritize it. It's really like a non-negotiable. Because if people figure out, thank you.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: if people figure out that you are not intellectually honest, you will be blackballed, and your future is ruined like there's really no way around it. People do not want to work with people who they can't trust. If you're known for lying, for making up a truth, for omitting things we've we have founders that we've worked with, who are like that, and
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: people do not want to work with them because they're known for that. So we struggle to recommend them in a certain context. So if an investor reaches out, or if tech starts asked us, should we follow on? And we're in a position where we've learned things about this person that doesn't give us confidence that we can endorse
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: either their behavior or their business. It puts us in a difficult position because I have a rule where I'm not. I won't say anything negative about you, but if I don't say anything.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I'm saying something right? So I'll never speak negatively about you or anyone in our founder context. But
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: I almost always have something good to say.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So when I don't say something that means something.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Yeah. Your reputation as a person is really one of the most precious things that you have, because you can't get it back.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So just think about that. If you're having trouble prioritizing, that also think is the thing that I'm trying to hide or omit. Oh, we all have these thoughts right? Oh, I don't want to include that, I promise you. Doing the non intellectually honest thing is worse than anything you could possibly hide like. There are things that come up. People have personal debts that they need to like, disclaim to us all of those things hiding. It is 10, a hundred times worse.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So I said, just make it part of you. At the end of the day it comes down to your values.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So that's why, at the bottom, I'm asking you what are your values? So Georgia asked me, how do you get better at this, or make sure you stay consistent with that? And it's just making sure that it becomes your second nature. That is something you truly value that being honest, being a truthful person, being someone people can trust is important to you. If it's not important to you, you're not going to prioritize it. And it's not really something you can think about every single time you have an interaction. It just needs to be a value that you hold.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And then the last thing is taking. Accountability is part of intellectually being honest. So when you do something wrong, you say that you did something wrong. It's so much better than trying to hide it and then giving others credit. So
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: George mentioned that I just kind of freely say when something is not mine, and it's someone else's, and it doesn't bother me at all. That's because it's just the right thing to do. It feels bad to take credit for when it's not your idea, and it feels good to give credit where credit is due as well as taking accountability. If you flex that muscle, it's a little uncomfortable at first, st but you can get used to it, and you can love owning up to your mistakes because it makes you an honest person.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and this one.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: This is just a teaser for what we're going to talk about for the next 2 h in techstars for life? They asked. Like, How do you become a great alum, like some of the best alums that we've seen. How do you go into the transition period and be great, I said, keeping a monthly cohort call. We'll talk about that in techstars for life. That is, some of our best cohorts are the ones that still meet meeting hygiene. I mean no one into that. Give 1st as an alum.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Shirley and Rachel talked about that in the ama. So when you're an alumni, it's easy to kind of be in your own silo. Maybe things aren't going well, and you want to just be a taker. Some alumni change into that. Remember the give 1st mentality if you're here and you're giving, and you're coming to things, and you're helping the new cohort, and you're helping each other in the discord and in your own Whatsapp.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: you're probably going to be the 1st one that's supported when you need help. The people who just pop up when they need help.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: People that aren't fond of those cohort members, you know. They kind of like fall out of favor with the friendships they've made here because they just become a taker. I'll give some quick, real talk here and give you a very practical example. I won't name names or be specific, but we had a an alumni techsarts founder over the past week and a half essentially spam email, me and a good number of other people in leadership demanding a seat at demo
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: that our demo day to come to to be in the room
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: because they're trying to fundraise. And they want to take advantage of the San Francisco Texas investor network.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: Okay? Well, this founder clearly needs some coaching because they're not invited to Demo Day. We're not giving them a seat because it's not about them. It's about all of you.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So if a founders coming to exploit the opportunity, we're trying to give you all to present your businesses and interact with investors at this event. That's not good first, st
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and it's so sad, because, like
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: it, it's not a big deal for us to have founders participate and come to Demo Day, and I'm sure if you communicated differently, we would have given that opportunity. But we actively communicated. Hey, like, you need to be better about this before we're willing to like help you.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: and we'll do that for anybody.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So it's about protecting and honoring our commitment to all of you and in general for founders how you present yourself. Because imagine if he was here giving 1st the whole program or something. Yeah, we would have no love to have you. Yeah, come, join, come, meet the investors with us like it's all good. But if you come in going, hey, you owe me this. Give me this right now, like, hold on, we got the wrong understanding.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: So that's kind of how we operate. And my very last point was systematic organization and structure. You all, most of you, except cogniscope, are like teams of one or 2.
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: And
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: after this, in your transition, you're going to start to scale. You're going to become 3, 4, or 5. You're going to get employees. You're going to be running teams. You'll be like nutrisense with 200 employees. And so the things that you're doing when you get out of techstar should be with scale in mind during techsart, you're doing a lot of things that don't scale. We actually recommend that. But now it's time to start thinking about your future. You're not going to be
Chloe Lannert | Techstars: 2 or one. You're not going to be these small numbers forever. So you need to start thinking about the things Jake showed you the things that Mert was talking about and keep that in mind. So if you guys have questions about either of these things you can just find me after, because we don't have time to go. We're going to give you all 10 min. So we're going to start 5 min late with the tech stars for life. So you have a 10 min break. So it's 9, 55 right now, let's start back up at 10 0, 5.